# Semantic-Segmentation-of-Satelite-Imagery
This Project is Semantic Segmentation of High-Resolution Multi-Spectral Optical Satellite Images: A Deep Learning-based Approach for Monitoring Deforestation

# Introduction
Tropical deforestation is responsible for about 10 percent of global warming emissions. Activities to clear more land for humans lead to a loss of habitat for animals and increased deforestation. In ecology, millions of species interact in billions of different ways between them and with their environment. Because of urbanization, there is a higher demand for food in cities. In order to meet this demand, farmers have converted forests into agricultural fields. Coffee production and farming, just like ranching resulted in additional deforestation. Machine learning for ecology and sustainable natural resource management shows ecologists cutting-edge methods that can help in understanding complex systems with multiple interacting variables and to form predictive hypotheses from large datasets. Techniques from machine learning literature can complement traditional methodologies in ecology. The goal of this module is to provide practical examples of the application of machine learning methods in ecology underlying the importance of predictive ability for inference and decision-making. Artificial intelligence helps scientists develop new general models in ecology. Deforestation rates have significantly declined in recent years; stricter enforcement of effective policies is likely to further reduce the scale of deforestation.
